whoa boy it's hot like 19 what a crazy
week I don't know if you guys heard the
news but TSM lost spoiler alert and this
is the first time ever that they have
not proceeded on to the finals going out
on quarterfinals to clutch what the heck
we're gonna be talking about that and
talk about so much more but guess who is
finally decided there's enough people to
watch attend the show doublelift delta
lifts will be starting or joining the
show just a little bit after the start
of it so be sure to stick around for
that so much more is coming up in just a
second
hotline League is brought to you by omen
by HP well we got so much talk about on
the show so I'm gonna get straight into
the introductions first off my constant
co-host a perennial man behind the
analysts desk
even as the desk falls apart in front of
them we got Mark Zimmerman on the show
mark how's it going you look really
excited for this show yeah I would say
there's a lot to talk about there's like
you mentioned the TSM shit we're gonna
have our little mini Madhavi rant and
then we're gonna have Peter on as well
like this this is the greatest episode
we're ever gonna do so it may as well
quit after this good well there's like
some contractual obligations we have to
talk about work Kelby let's go paint
already I'm good to go
that's not how it works Kelby what's
going on with you
ah not much very exciting weekend of LCS
excited to talk to a bunch of people
about it especially those who are gonna
call me out on calling clutch pretenders
yeah I think there's a guy named shadow
by the way mark that has a he's a
something he's a something he has to
talk to Kelby about them Calvi
specifically called them pretenders at
the beginning of this split I think he
whatever it'll be good I'm looking
forward to it was gonna be a really fun
episode other than that I was so just a
quick little bit of jibber-jabber here
mark I got to watch because of the way
playoffs are I got to watch the entire
on Saturday at least the entire opening
of the show what
yes first time seeing the whole thing
thanks for the support
yeah and well it's I have to get to the
LCS studio so there's like a timeline
there that makes it difficult but
because it's hard to get five minutes
away from your house at 2:30 in the
afternoon on a Saturday that's tough to
do two o'clock no you have to do that we
start at 2:30 because the show goes live
at 3:00 you have to be there at 2:30 on
a Saturday the show goes live at two at
work I'll see it starts at 2:00 I'm on
crack Oh whatever you lost it doesn't
matter if you're right or wrong you lost
all leverage with that one it's just
[Laughter]
anyway I don't know it's it's been a
it's been a fun fun week Kelby House
ultra ultra was good although I miss I
miss it streaming on Twitch yeah I yeah
streaming on YouTube I watched a little
bit of chainsmokers set I really think
that Alex shouldn't sing like everybody
says but Swedish House Mafia they were
teasing the whole time if there was
gonna be a surprise closing act
I called Swedish House Mafia it was
House Mafia they were so sick they did
such a good job yeah
twitch chat please let me know how that
was my acid by the way I don't do acid
when I listen to you why were you there
then no I wasn't there when you do I was
like no no no the Molly whatever you did
I went one time it was insane but yeah
okay Jim alrighty
gin 690 says the constantly whenever
Kobe's on the show he says it's such a
douchey thing to wear sunglasses in oh
wait yeah everybody says this here's the
thing part of the aesthetic of the show
that's when we committed to the gag it's
like right I just lose my glasses every
guess what I don't give a fuck about you
okay well finishing show yeah your
support matters a lot I don't want to
yeah well because Peters ready to come
on the show we've got a couple things to
do I'm gonna really quickly talk about a
wonderful group of people a wonderful
company that supports the show makes it
happen
show would not be what it is if it
wasn't for these guys Ullman by HP you
guys know I'm talked about them before
they're a fantastic group of people and
company that have come together to
support eSports the god of the space a
couple of years ago and they recognize
the value of supporting the competitive
scene and everything from something like
overwatch League all the way down to
well a show like this I'll just put it
that way
[Laughter]
exactly it's not overwatch league is
what this is they hooked me up with some
gear to help make some of my other
endeavors possible which is really nice
to them there's some really cool stuff I
don't I don't want to rush through this
but I do want to tell you guys that they
have a giveaway right now they did one
whenever we launched they're doing one
launch the sponsorship with us they're
doing another one time for a refresh or
I put a link in the twitch chat you guys
can check it out and actually you know
just signing up for that really really
helps me and Mark out not really help
ease whatever but me and Mark out
because I you know it helps them see a
lot of the value from the show and you
know it's nice whenever they see a lot
of people are sort of engaging with with
them and it's a chance for you guys to
win something you know it's just a free
listen
I've tried to do things before like
where I'm just like go buy a bunch of
these things you get but whenever I say
free stuff you guys click like crazy so
check it out it's a full suite of
accessories I will be the one that sends
you an email so there's even that you
get an email from me if you win it's
pretty great so check it out if you're
watching the YouTube pod right now you
can click the link down below it's great
so there you go thank you so much to
omen by HP now I guess it's kind of
awkward we have this great epic show and
I wanna I try to create keep the show
super positive and
like awesome things and have a fun time
with it but I do want to talk about
something in 2015 for those of you that
don't know there was a guy that came
into the space named Chris Badawi was an
owner of a team and really quickly it
became clear to me that this dude was a
total sketchball like just a lot of
people I trusted said that they had
really uncomfortable dealings with him
and you know I'm not the type of person
who would I don't know I don't tend to
do very much like investigative stuff
big reports or whatever but because this
guy seemed like such bad news for the
league scene
I felt very compelled to look into it I
actually got what I think of time like
I'd never seen this guy was so weird at
the time none of the owners you couldn't
get them to do anything together he'll
be will remember like how hard it was to
get the owners to all work together back
in the day right
hey however and me at the time
independently going and talking to a ton
of the owners in the LCS they all gave
statements not all the owners but the
owners that I spoke to they all gave
statements whatever what's that at least
the big four years old yeah right yeah
and and a lot of the people at the time
thought I was actually really surprised
because the response from the community
wasn't oh this guy like look all these
guys actually believe this they gave
this guy or at least some people gave
him the benefit of the doubt anyway long
story short I well I left went and hung
out with friend was just really
overwhelmed and really did not want to
get involved with any of this again
because I was so stressed out about it
and sort of the reaction from the
community stressed me out and and that
even happens when a couple months later
I forget the timeline exactly he got
outed from LCS and was banned for other
sketchy things that he had done which
was basically inevitable with the
student and again I just didn't get
involved in any of it or say anything
because I just I don't like courting
controversy I feel like
that was a now thinking about this I
think that was a really cowardly thing
of me and because of that I just want to
say you know a lot of you guys probably
saw the post that came out today from
former player on his team
welcome to the specifics because a
really personal thing but it came as no
surprise to me these are the types of
things I'd heard about following all the
stuff and I I really believe that
following that thread of a conversation
from that player he is now Badawi has
now made a post on the subreddit sort of
trying to tell his side of the story I
cannot tell you guys how much of a weird
lying conniving Connors this guy is and
it was really disappointing to me that
Wayne somebody finally came out and told
sort of the story that so many believe
the other dudes side of this you know
people give him the benefit that this is
one thing this guy did you know among so
many sketchy things this dude does not
deserve to be in the League of Legends
eSports ecosystem I am so happy he is
gone
I cannot say enough about how no one
should believe anything he's saying he
just lied all the time so what I'll say
is like everyone likes to say there's
two sides to every story and then the
truth lies somewhere in the middle but
you cannot take someone's side of the
story at face value when this guy has
consistently lied and has done it
basically in an provable way there was
an AMA he did where he got called out
and his story constantly shifted from
like what he was and what he did and
they always like he eventually got it to
a point where so up in the air no one
knows but like overnight he was having
this argument had to keep editing his
answers in this AMA about how he said he
was a lawyer then he said he was a
patent litigator then he said he never
passed or he passed the bar but never
passed the character fitness thing so he
never like became a real lawyer but he
still did the stuff they said he did
like it just went down this rabbit hole
of a back and forth stuff and this is on
top of the fact that like I was there
when he first made his way into the
scene he came up under Team Liquid
because
wanted to get involved in the eSports
scene and Steve liquid Aaron set who was
a great guy everyone will vouch for
Steve for the most part wanted to give
him the benefit of the doubt teach him
like what he knows about eSports so that
he could hopefully have another nice guy
in the scene and then burn that bridge
horribly including like with everyone
the org joka Steve myself I was mostly
an in the game focus stuff so I didn't
have as many interactions with him but
like everyone stopped liking this guy
and like not just like dislike too but
actively actively disliked him wanted
him out of the scene to the point where
we finally got him out of the scene but
like there's no reason to take his post
on Reddit at face value so it's not the
two sides of the story thing it's like
this guy is a notorious liar and so I
don't know what's true and I'm not
saying you know believe Maria a hundred
percent of the way either remilia
whatever I'm not saying believe her a
hundred percent either but don't
understant accept this guy's explanation
there's no reason to it's it's he's
known he's a proven liar that's all I'll
say yeah and it's it's sad because
people were not here in season five a
lot of people in the leaf scene people
don't know this but there's a ton of
churn there's a ton of turnover on
reddit and so a lot of people are
accepting this guy's explanation of face
value a lot of new league fans don't
know his history so it's hard to get
angry at them but it is very upsetting
for people who have been here in his
entire history in the scene and seeing
people be like oh yeah this is kind of
understandable when it's like no it's
not yeah there was somebody in the
twitch Sao who said that my my bias is
showing look all I can say is the only
people I know that defend this guy are
the guy are the people that had business
dealings with him I have never had a
business dealing with riot or the other
owners or this guy at all I don't know
how more of an independent person you
want in the situation I have a pretty
strong bias sometimes around double if
double if not involved in this at all so
I don't know what to tell you guys like
I'm about as third-party as you're gonna
get to this situation I but fuck this
guy and I never want to see him again in
the scene yeah and like I said I'm not
saying you have to believe remilia side
of story 100% either that's not what
we're saying
we're just saying the the crispa da we
getting number one on the sub read and
lost people taking aside is kind of
insane yeah if you know his story yeah
anyway I'm so I'm sorry that we have to
talk about that in the show I just I had
to get off my chest
yeah yeah we're I'm not interesting
taking calls it's a complicated
situation that's not what this show is
about and and I apologize if that's
something you guys want to discuss but
it's just especially given the sensitive
nature of some of the finer points of
all this stuff I really don't think a
Colin show is the place to do with them
if that's what you guys want to want to
watch I feel I completely understand if
you guys leave now that being said we
are gonna get into some really cool
stuff and some stuff that is worth
talking about some crazy stuff happening
with TSM losing this weekend clutch is
now going through how much can people
believe in them I think it's gonna be
really interesting so please stick
around we're now gonna switch over to
having Peter on the show and so I'm
gonna add him to the call here we're
gonna go to the single slate now as
double if joins us is he on discord
somewhere Kelby yeah uh yeah let me
check from Peter mmm no zero from Peter
hi oh you're wearing the glasses okay no
you can't hear well explaining to Peter
that we're all in discord what I need to
join the dish why am I really
why are you a cooing I'm coming I'm
gonna beat myself because he turned yeah
oh yeah sorry
good call good call I see all right
sorry guys there's a bit of a technical
issue as we pull Peter onto the show
so just please bear with us I have to
like we don't have a producer for the
show it's actually kind of like guys
what wait what discord United kelby
nation posting in Skype IDM Tim you can
tell my d-link
one is the voice channel this show just
has to do you can only go to general -
yeah go to general that's fine so funny
stop we're almost done
yeah you look great and everybody in a
second everyone's gonna see you on
screen and then they will all know how
great you look - it just takes a second
I'm just here you know my HyperX headset
drinking my monster energy oh man you're
you're you're doing well right now Peter
ideally a training facility on my Aurora
PC can you slurp that into the
microphone again just so I can hear how
good monster sounds - drink
Peter what flavor are you drinking there
it looks like an ultra white to me oh
well you know just might just now that
you've asked I mean now that you mention
it yes just my favorite flavor is your
altra what yeah yeah there we go about
guys I'm uh I'm an ultra red fan myself
but ultra White's my second favorite of
the I don't know if there's a monster
flavor
I don't like mark cuz they won't have a
flavor they don't like I I I hope I'm
getting some sort of compensation for
this alright uh so Peter how's it going
it's good we just finished team stuff
practice and review so I'm tired
what is this just over well good way to
start glad to have you here man like I
could tell that you're really excited to
be here horror screams going hotline me
residentsleeper other augers house
our scrims going uh pretty good I think
I mean it's our first day
you mean you scream last week hopefully
oh yeah I mean it's going fine I don't
know how to really gauge cuz what are
you losing is in a measure of success so
I don't know I guess it's going good I
mean mark loves to talk about huh scrims
are basically useless - yes scripts are
completely useless you say that all the
time we're not to indicate results for
LCS yeah oh yeah I was like what
practice worthless get out there play
some DBZ fighter especially like on game
day warm up with that oh yeah so I'm
sure we're gonna have a lot of calls
about it and hopefully they don't become
all of our calls I'm sure mark will do a
good job of mitigating it but yeah
everyone I'm sure will be curious about
your take on the TSM thing if it was
surprising to you what what the
takeaways are in your opinion I'm just
kind of curious yeah you guys are you
referencing the fact that they said Red
Bull and not a monster yeah shock - yes
yes yeah hopefully not all the questions
yes but what did what did you think of
them losing this week pretty nuts don't
think anyone expected it right already
asked me this question in the future but
I don't even think clutch expected to
win you know they're like we can win and
then they're just shitting their pants
when they started winning I bumped it I
bumped into DM like most their coaching
staffs yellow and a couple other players
and I was like like what what did you
guys think was gonna happen and they
were all like we didn't think we would
win they were pretenders themselves I
mean they just like they said they got
smashed in scrims all week they had like
not much confidence going out there and
they tried their best and like obviously
they have good mental fortitude to like
get rolled in game one and get
double-kill done and they they're
turreted three minutes in game two and
still win that game but they weren't
going in there like yeah guys we got
this here we go yeah Fischer did you
tweet by the way Nick Burke I mean I
said Nick mark yeah I'm just gonna
retweet your tweet yeah I I just think
it is funny so like I posted an
interview with Steve today from Saturday
and Steve was basically saying you can
take the glasses off if you can't see
Peter and if you can't tell Steve was
basically saying like oh yeah like we'd
love to play clutch we think they're the
weakest team and my youtube channel is
blowing him up for saying this and I'm
like whatever would thought they were
the weakest team no one can comply kids
should be faulting anybody like that's
the Dave and Goliath story like acting
like they didn't have all the odds
against them or at least everyone
expected them to lose this is unfair
that's the thing I don't like about it
is it's like it's diminishing what they
did by being like haha like see they
were good and it's like no that's why
it's crazy it's like you didn't have a
reason to believe in them and like all
these people who are gonna call in and
say that like we called it the star of
the season it's like yeah but you call
it a week ago when they drew TSM like if
you didn't call it then then it doesn't
count yeah they needed proof of it by
the way
so Peter this means that you guys will
now play ecco fox instead of who
everybody thought you're gonna play
which was one hundred thieves are you
happy with that result or what what does
that mean for you
yeah I'm happy with it I think between
the two they're pretty similar but it
the the finals would be cooler this way
since we get it we get either play
clutch you know clutch prime and the
finals make me my words or or a hundred
thieves and me an African play against
each other in the finals also Kodi Sun
and Olay so that'd be cool yeah Kodi Sun
coming in as the number one ad carry in
North America Peter so this is your
chance to your is your chance to show
him up dude every single year this
all-pro thing gives me I mean to be fair
I was I was all-pro like first team like
four years in row some shit so I guess I
can't complain that it's stupid but it's
kind of stupid yeah yeah reddit was
blowing up a little bit in the thread
with the thing for voting for bio frost
and not voting for aphromoo I voted for
what first yes
I must admit these awards are so Tom I
wish people would just get the right
thing in the no way would I vote yeah I
I mean I just I think it's just weird
that like there's just a voting thing
where the players decide like how do I
tell who's good it's really hard when I
was talking to you about this stuff I
said people think aphromoo is good and
you said yeah but I play against people
all right play against these guys in
Lane like I should know and now you're
saying how to play our players supposed
to know how good everyone is it's hard
dude I don't want to be the guy who's
choosing stuff it's too much
responsibility I just kind of picked at
random to be honest
Oh random but like I mean I just thought
about it for like probably five seconds
on each answer right you weren't like
let me go look their stats up right yeah
no I just I just hair bald it wink wait
no I winged it well at least this
episode's gonna get a lot of views on
the vibe I'm excited about that you know
like well let me ask you this do you
think players shouldn't vote like you
you would say the average player
probably did what you did right like
were they're just like yeah fuck it yeah
I just want to get it over with
yeah control vote but I'm just gonna
vote without do you think so you voted
but do you think every player votes
themselves or do you think some of these
guys have other people do it for them no
I think it's it's them doing it okay
like I think it's it's really them doing
it but they probably don't put in a full
effort like I remember people were
giving song shit for his votes he's just
like well why would song and care what
people think about his all pro team
votes can you turn your webcam back on
Peter we were getting a very different
picture of you people are gonna thinking
people are gonna think I've hit this
edge we're gonna think I put this in but
it's actually your Skype picture just to
be like it's the one where your hair is
way up I like that one wait I'm back
right yeah yeah that's great oh boy such
a great start you you still want players
to get a voice right like it's better
than not getting a vote and just like
having completely done by coaches and
third party people Oh
or do you think players shouldn't get a
vote I think the all Provo
just kind of meaningless yeah maybe MVP
kind of made something cuz it's like who
does everyone think is good I don't know
I'll produce too much too many people
it's like 15 people I mean but also well
it's not 50 it's like ten players ten
coaches right oh wait you're saying
winning I see two five five I thought
you were talking about the voting okay
sorry I misunderstood you know I feel
like you guys often disagree with the
casters though and the casters and
analysts make up the largest amount I
believe after the pros so if you want
all the casters and analysts basically
being responsible for picking cuz you
guys often say like oh they were always
hyping up this player but that player
shit or oh like it's so stupid that they
think this is the case ah you know there
always be people who disagree so I think
that casters analysts have gotten
smarter over the years it used to be
like freak and now it's better than that
so I think it's it's gotten better you
know he's like it's marking Chad and -
you guys are good okay you guys if I
wasn't on this show right now would you
have said that the part about freak
you're the part about you guys be a part
about us being but I think you and
handsome boy okay I'm gonna put this to
the test really quickly before we take
our first call and I'm gonna look at
marks votes and ask Peter if he agrees
all right okay so for for first E and
for Tom no White's start with ad carry
so who knee for top Peter agreed to
screen agreed Dhar doc jungle no
bjergsen mid yeah
Sven ADC yeah really over doublelift
Peter paying whatever I don't care I
don't think I played well in the regular
season my team was garbage half remove
for support hmm okay sure sure when I
talk to you you okay so do be clear
if first for its support his support
picks were bio Crossley mithi and
smoothie
yeah the progress tree so you were fine
with bio for us 20 and smoothie mark
pick somebody but that wasn't even in
your top four and you're okay with it I
mean you can make an argument for any of
them well I also put Haku ho and he
didn't have him in there 13 for me yeah
I think wow that's got that one right
I mean it's hard to see ya - see how Joe
doesn't deserve it after this past week
top then then mark went flame medius
Jensen Cody Sun and smoothie for those
okay mm-hm I mean so much to your
thoughts on flame I don't really feel
anything when I play against lame to be
honest I feel like it's really it's
really polarizing so half the people
think flame is terrible and half the
people think he's really good but on a
bad team I am gonna not say I think he's
a nice guy okay well well Peter bumped
into him last night getting boba and he
was so nice he hugged Peter and almost
oh I think that's what what's saving him
flame from flame are you okay with
Cody's Senna's is Marc's number two for
a tea scene yeah dude I think cuz
there's like almost a six-way time we
were like really close to having a six
way tie for first yeah then it seems
like every you can make an argument for
any of the top six teams like having the
best player or like they're being held
back or they're the reason why their
team is there in the first place
and I don't really care like I don't
feel like regular season means anything
anyway so getting an award for doing
well in the regular season is like
getting a gold star or something what
have you got MVP would you be happy I'd
be I'd be happy if I got MVP me in the
past I felt like MVP got stolen for you
got robbed
yeah I got fucking robbed one rush one
at that one time and it's like no I
didn't rush with it like what the fuck
did rush to you lately sin not make
playoffs it's just like I was so good
that what there's somebody sluts where I
was so good and I didn't get it I'm so I
mean that was the furthest
that was just what they won their first
championship so like I can this is the
great dichotomous Peter it's like I
don't really care regular split doesn't
matter whatever wasn't nice get it but I
was popping off even if it doesn't
matter okay all right hmm anyway let's
we can just move on mark and we start
taking cars mark do you want to do the
spiel sure sneaky was my third team
double if was not my list I thought
that's why you were doing all of that oh
that's fine
I thought Charles was trying to set up
today I figured Peter with Peter Peter
strangely is like okay he'll flame other
people but he doesn't care if people
rank him low yeah I guess not my team
was like why we ended up fourth place
yeah what can you say yeah this is your
first time watching got all people in
here tonight the way this works is it's
a live call-in show so we have a discord
posting it now in the twitch chat you're
gonna want to join that discord and then
you are gonna see that there's a general
voice Channel and general - you're gonna
need to join one of those voice channels
and then in the general text channel
you're gonna post your take so usually
we don't want questions just like and
with double it says the guess it's okay
to have more questions but we like
things like I think tiel's gonna lose to
whoever I think CL is gonna win
TSM losing was great I like whatever
whatever your thoughts are you know we
want your thoughts as the viewer as the
the person is watching the LCS all the
time and by the way people and try not
to spam too much all right if if you
subscribe you do get access to the
subscriber chat which we tend to check
there as well it gives you kind of
better odds of getting noticed and and
if you do sub just give it a little bit
cuz discord takes a bit to sync with
twitch and so that is the spiel well
mark scouts out people with their
questions
oh please also please do not spam like
mark will be less likely to take your
question if you just spam it three or
four times like and and then we will try
to activate a mod to like kill you
all right odd discord but I'll figure it
out I'm adding I'm adding shadow to the
waiting room because he's got a whoreo
state apparently I said the same thing
to use an remember I remember for Oro
state calling in yeah I don't claim to
have called it in the preseason okay
well we'll talk to it we'll talk to a
couple people that can brag shadow as
well and then oh yeah so really quick
let me give a shout out to some folks
who have supported the show in the past
hour or so so shout out to an Ivysaur at
meddling kids nearly k arrogant one two
slient night that's desolate night again
all hail the basedgod tasty turtles all
night 138 ready bobo sm dennis dafu i am
the fourth Hokage I think that's how
it's pronounced polish the gaming orange
real Fox you get to the sub to mark
who's now been a sub of this channel for
five months I didn't get did one last
week as well I don't know I don't know
but at this point in time you are you
are you're up there I don't think you've
paid a dime but you've been supporting
the show forever mark thing I just I
just love your content yes thank you
yeah flows at Ron Brandon Ian and mist K
and Gabriel ow 23 so we got so we got
people lined up mark yeah we got
something let me start grabbing them yep
Peter it's your time to enjoy the
unwashed masses everyone who's ever
wanted to say something to you now has a
chance yeah let me Adam you guys haven't
seen it yet I'd go check out my Twitter
where you can watch peter blow up me and
quell bees boat with its very very
recent he sunk it he's sunk our boat hmm
nope sounds like somebody's joining the
channel based on that giggle we got
shadow here shadow where you come from a
Houston Texas right here close gave me
just one tell be you you suck at
predicting
all right so shadow for those that were
not really quickly shadow for those that
did not catch the previous episode where
you were on I may be towards the start
of this play can you tell a little bit
about how this went yeah I was just
saying that clutch is a team that slept
on that has a potential of going really
far the playoffs I think lb said they
were pretenders and not contenders but
now that he's been proven wrong you know
it's whatever you know it's it's good
for us yeah and it's good for the whole
in na LCS that team stems out were you
shadow were you the one that said that
that what did you I remember somebody
was talking about how they went to
clutch events in Houston and like fan me
it's was that you know no that's not
okay I wanna go be like I'm not trying
like the drive because he's Houston's
pretty vague you know yeah yeah that's
not me
go ahead thought you do really good I
think they did beyond their expectations
and lira lira was playing really
excellent throughout the the five games
or the four games that they played so
that's what why they want I think as
Lyra stepped up for the final okay
before we get to the lira think lb do
you have a rebuttal anything you want to
say here no I mean I agree I watched the
games and I think that clutch just like
they really really impressed me
especially since like if what we've
heard is true like you know they got
bodied all week in scrims they probably
didn't go in with a lot of confidence
like we've been in that situation before
Peter it's hard to go up on stage lose
first game against a team that has
looked really good at the end of the
season and then you know get your
bottling Dovan it out in three minutes
and then regardless of picks or whatever
you just man up and you like win the
next three games it's not easy so yeah
that was yeah it was really I was really
impressive I and like a lot of people
are gonna say the TSM shat the bed but
obviously you got to give some respect
to clutch yeah I don't know what their
social media accounts any better but the
team is performing oh yeah they tweeted
out my interview today with Reggie and
they were kind of giving flame to reggie
because Reggie said the clothes
was gonna get stomped on like at the
start of the split but then they didn't
tag me
so they gained a point but they lost a
point in my eyes mark with what do you
think of Shadows assertion that it was
really Lyra that really carried it
because he didn't get that much just
stepped up where I needed to I think a
lot of people looking at that matchup
we're like oh god the way the TSM wins
our scuse me clutch wins this is
probably a FLIR it can get better Mike
Young which I would say he did over the
course the series that was back and
forth two points but I think obviously
hockey Howe is probably the guy who ever
was obviously gonna say had the biggest
influence shadow did you post anywhere
publicly that you're like clutch gaming
wins this three two or whatever I'm not
really on Twitter that much they were
like red or no I read it he came on a
live broadcast his show
yes what a matchup before he had to
predict them to beat TSM yeah
doublelift how do you feel about people
coming out of the Woodworks and like
throwing back what you said in your face
when they didn't have to have this
because you're someone who talks a lot
shit and then sometimes it comes back to
like come at you yeah that's true I
think it's a it's good when you should
talk right before a match and like you
put something on the line I think like
Kevin's yeah funny and and it's really
good because if he won he would have
looked like a fucking you know a maniac
but now he just looks really you know
embarrassed or whatever and looks like
two cocky arrogant full of himself but
that's the kind of stuff I like because
if you talk to it on someone after mats
like Jensen didn't like a thought team
ago supposed to be good like sorry guys
we will next like that's so that's so
lame you're not opening yourself up to
being possibly wrong so I respect that
you want undefended clutch live
we could do it thank you thank you Peter
how much I meant cuz everybody's
congratulating clutch how much do you
think he has some underperformed do you
think that that was the same TSM we suck
cos Gabe no Gabe my roommate came in he
was like that's the same TSM we saw all
split long just so stupid you think Sven
and Miffy would edit
I think Sven as a player just solo by
himself if he didn't have an off series
they would have won like yeah but it was
also Sven and Miffy and kahan sir all
three of them had a really off series
and their coach had like a no-brain that
day or something and I think part of it
is like when your TSM and your hmm and
you probably think you're expected to
win maybe you like subconsciously and
then you'll lose a game especially after
that game the one where they're they
don't balling on Tower at like three
minutes and they're so far ahead I bet
what they were thinking was well that
was just a fluke like we do the same
shit next game we're gonna win that was
just a fluke we should have won like
easy so you go to the next game thinking
okay we just do the same thing no
adjustments no no like real changes
except don't throw and then they lost
that game and I think after that they
got they probably got tilted they
probably made like some really dumb
decisions like another fluke thresh is
not that good let's just keep let's play
against it will pick it up and then then
people were like well why didn't you ban
thresh but it was like i can see what
were the like the logic was probably
fucking just really tilted because
they're losing to clutch so i was like
they should have banned thresh but they
had cuz clutch was gonna take it first I
was saying clutch is probably gonna take
it first rotation if it's not banned but
then on red side you have to ban it as
one of your first three bands which is
not like a meta thing to do and you
would really only do that if it was
really fucking you in a serious like I
don't know how closely you were watching
but if you were one of the people
playing if you were spent and you just
died six times in the previous game
would you would you been like being that
shit no I still wouldn't been through I
know what about doublelift
if it depends on you plays he's got a
dog I think I think I would tell my team
to do it yeah I think I'm like I can
open up about my insecurities a little
bit better now than before but I can see
like his van he's
one of the players that's like fuck I
just played like shit I need to redeem
myself it's okay Thresh is not that good
like I was just playing bad I'll play
better next game but like for me it's
like if I'm having a bad series I'll
just tell my team I don't I like not
playing well against this champion we
need to ban it like I want to be in it
so that's just it there's a difference
in mentality you know that's it yeah
alright shadow anything else you want
what's what's you said you're you're
predicting you are you predicting to
yellow man
yeah tl is probably gonna win and then
they're gonna use it let's go liquid
crazy because they could go crazy but
wait what about clutch first hundred
thieves
uh I like clutch but I just I just don't
think they'll win like they did good
so shadow you think clutch are
pretenders no like I was just crazy that
they did honestly you're right on the
clutch thing if you're and then you
gotta be right on the next prediction
[Laughter]
really appreciate by the way shout-out
to Kobe who is in the twitch chat right
now Kobe if you want to call in oh he
says he's got a real question for double
okay I joined the discord you can talk
to mark well get him oh how about this
all grab for Oh Satan who has the same
kind of like clutch things last him a
couple of the same question okay cool
while we do that I want to give a
shout-out to miss Kay growl Dios AJ
hockey four months he says somehow I
keep forgetting to cancel this that's
what I count on a real foxy gifted us up
to League of Emily and forceful lunge
for the sub thank you everyone for
supporting appreciate it Peter can I can
I ask you a question which is kind of
just like an iterative point on
something that you said in the last
conversation yeah sure
because I'm curious about mentality so
like the way that you know like we used
to do it back from there I don't know if
like your philosophy is different or
like the team's philosophies difference
now it's like when we would go into
series and stuff you practice things and
you practice comps and lineups and stuff
going into a series right and you have
things that you're comfortable with if
you come across a situation like TSM did
with Haku Oh on Thresh where maybe it
forces you to do something that you
haven't practiced a bunch I guess it
kind of probably depends on the degree
to which it's messing you up but do you
feel like now you like teams or you guys
and more in general are still wanting to
stick to what you play and what you know
and like you want to be comfortable with
what you're playing on stage or do you
feel like it's you need to adapt
especially if something is messing you
up like that I think back in the day we
didn't have coaches so the player the
player those most affected by it would
be like oh fuck you know I don't know
what to do like I'm getting fucked I
know I want to ban it but now I think
the coach is kind of more responsible
for that it's like the coaches go one to
decide like is my player mentally able
to deal with this new thing or mm-hmm
like do we switch it up so yeah I mean I
don't want a flame song but like I think
it was just his responsibility to be
like I don't think you can play against
this for a third time like you had two
chances let's just write what's okay
back in the day though like you're right
that's exactly how we were like well I
don't want to do this shit or like I
didn't want to do it yeah that's that
was the thing in why I think the coaches
mucus more often than not a player I
think would be like no we're fine like
it's not that good because you had that
idea like Thresh isn't a priority
picking the meadow and like yeah like
I'm not that bad so it's like let me
play against it again but you need the
coach to be like no I don't wanna risk
it yeah okay cool
we have pororo's yeah poor oh Satan
do you see poro poro the carrot gets the
thing for League of Legends whore Oh
Satan is in the call where where you
call it from poor Satan I'm calling from
stickiest near Syracuse New York so you
also were a clutch believer yes but it's
not fully and I thought that clutch was
going to do well I expected TSM to
employ
as its kind of just customary for them
at this point what do you mean
customer I mean they've made every is
final they have but I don't think they
were actually changing up how the
current roster was playing to prepare if
you look at spendin Missy when they were
in Europe and I am a huge fan of G -
mm-hmm Hertz would roam down to feeds
fen where when bjergsen Rome's ATS to
feed bjergsen they just do not work well
together the season yeah both both Peter
and Sven were like 20 to 3 and 20 in
their last like six games or something
or four games they they had both fed and
him had monstrous satellites I mean I
don't want people to take it as me
saying oh like they're horrible now cuz
obviously they're still pros they're
good at the game but I don't think that
this team was in any way prepared going
into this and maybe it's because of the
write-off I mean I would definitely say
that no one was expecting Jaco to be
that good on thrush I would say after
the second game though they should have
banned it yeah I feel like this is just
a nutty upset I don't think anyone if
you had to put $1,000 on who's gonna win
that match and you had like a fucking
another time if she'd be you go back I
don't think anyone would actually put
money on on clutch winning I actually
did put money on clutch winning odds
let's go how much money what were the
returns $30 on them and I made back 140
Jesus is 5 to 1 odds that's actually
better than I expected very much and I
just was not expecting spending nathie
to do well I think that I still think
that they're good players but I think
they just play too passive for na like I
know that thrush is not super meta but I
think it's too aggressive than they're
used to based on what they see in EU
uh kind of following up on that idea
doublelift a lot of people have talked
about like the less carry potential in
the game right now and I think it's
definitely down but like how often do
you feel like a player's just like on
fire for a day or something where it's
like I think people like kakapo was
playing better than average he was like
out of his mind with his hooks I'm like
how often do you feel like you you feel
that playing or like either it's a
teammate or the guy you're playing
against were you just like holy shit
this guy's actually playing better today
than he's ever played or something like
that
uh it actually usually happens with my
team it's so weird like for impact and
Jake Xfinity especially also been
playing with impact and there was like
that Jen game where and we're getting
roasted in practice like we I think we
just getting dominated like in LCS and
in practice and then impact just was
like first time Shen by the way like I
got banned out I need to play something
new let's just pick Shen never practice
it before he first time on stage in like
two months
and then he just like basically won't be
five the game and then at that point I
was like this is a probably first time
in a long time I feel like I'm just
getting carried by someone who's like in
the zone and then I guess after that we
all started having our moments I never
feel like I'm playing against someone
who's like untouchable though except for
our worlds yeah that's a different story
yeah yeah it's interesting just because
I feel like it's something that people
don't talk about it's hard to talk about
the best of one too but like on a day
when someone's just like hot someone's
in the zone like you said you talked
about in basketball all the time like
someone's locked in but we don't I feel
like we don't talk about very much in
league because it's very rare that
someone gets the same champ three times
in a row and shits on three games in a
row yeah that's true
maybe I'm Jack myself off too much here
but I think usually in playoffs I get in
the zone during is that a lot of the
time I mean come on Saturday right eight
inches by the way I mean I would you say
you were you were in the zone for years
like it's right on all about the TSM
series like you guys three owed but it
wasn't convincing and you have like the
highest damage numbers by far and a lot
of the games were like you headshotting
Jen stand over wold like stall out of
Baron like did you feel like you were on
fire
today yeah I felt pretty does also I
think like my teammates were kind of
like people are gonna flame Olay or
maybe even Eugene or pobelter for like
dying randomly but that could have
easily been me it's like they're kind of
like playing risky they're playing it in
a way where they could get caught if
there's any small mistakes and it's like
I'm before I would be the person in that
position where it's like I'm putting
myself in risky spot to get far more to
like poke my head out like possibly look
for a kill and like they're the ones
doing that so I'm like I was like so in
the zone cuz I feel like the team just
plays around me a lot better on Team
Liquid it's like everyone's willing to
take risks to help me so it's like well
CLG you know like link you just he's on
Lulu Duty and he knows his no I'm just
kidding it's just it's just like a
really different dynamic than I'm used
to so I felt in the zone because I felt
like my team was really supporting me I
guess that helps a lot I think Haku must
have felt the same he's like my team's
really like ready to play with my Thresh
because they all believe in me right now
I also think the teams are a lot closer
together than anyone was given them
credit for I think that's part of why I
was angry with the analysts dusk is we
had this idea that basically cloud 9
Team Liquid TSM they were going to be
the best teams and that was just it and
we didn't expect any of the new orgs to
do anything although they all for the
most part had veteran players Kobe said
he's trying to get the discord like
really bad like tweets discourse
anything with people but I don't know
what his name is
okay yeah he needs to he needs to tell
us I'm sorry continue to continue to
shadows question and then we'll probably
at what part because I think definitely
at the beginning of the season investor
like we had no one had ekam Fox no one
had clutch no 100 thieves really high up
I think like the highest like fourth or
maybe even ferry but I don't remember
specifically anyone saying that so
that's it's definitely fair to say but
by the time we'll the playoffs and stuff
rolled around I think the this story
like even week one I was like fuck I was
so wrong about echo fox well for example
the fact that people and not just you
guys but the community at large still
views all tech is just basically a sec
tear ABC we double if what do you think
all takes pretty bad if you played
against him yeah I don't I don't know
like it's fine to criticize us for being
wrong about the new things like the
Alltech point is like I don't even know
how you can argue that anymore up to the
collapse in the second half of the
season well that that's where I'm just a
little confused because how do we say
that all tech is bad but then everyone
who's on TSN is supposed to be good but
they keep choking immensely well the
difference is a bunch of those guys have
been to worlds and one one things and
all tech hasn't one shit well then why
would you guys explain TSM then they had
one bad series I don't think that was
their true skill level at all and they
had a bad series at the exact same time
that clutch had a really insane series I
think if they play the best of 100 TSM
would definitely win I think that would
be fair and I would also add that I
think it's good that the league in na is
actually starting to get good for once
and this is part of why I give the
pushback and saying the other teams are
bad because I would either say that TSM
will not make finals again in spring or
they will go to semifinals at Worlds one
of the two will happen that's pretty
bold I think two Kobe's all right yeah
yeah what's that how do you know which
one is the right one a screenshot well I
know you should double-check by the way
I messaged him and tried to ask him what
we did today to see cuz I saw him today
it's a test whether I check him ok cool
uh I think poor Satan that we need to
move on to the next caller
are you gonna put money down for clutch
first hundred thieves or you flip-flop
into
considering that clutch was carried by
their support and I think afro moves
probably the best for right now I would
go 100 these cool
wait slow mode is too slow how do I
change slow modes you can set it
somewhere but your bad it time it's air
about it mods if you can set like a
slower slow mode that would be like atom
spam it slow mode why dude all right
poor Oh Satan thank you so much for
calling in yeah thanks for calling
indeed thanks double if what's your
favorite emote because we can now pull
on the riot broadcast we can pull twitch
chat in YouTube feel like emote spam and
stuff what's your favorite emote to spam
Parker's in bocas there's no other way
that was going I'm a member of the
alt-right Jesus all right we got paws
not gif to the sub Kobi thank you so
much pause congratulations Kobi Jordan
resub great dude pass an owl has subbed
Cairo josub and so did Johnny blade 37
I'll explain it to you later mark cozies
Kobe Kobe Kobe were you calling from
oh nice Santa Monica and what's house
Santa Monica these days it's great great
to have your other show what do you want
to talk about today on the show I wanted
to talk to doublelift about his lane
opponents for their next matchup okay
I'll take an Adrian so I'll take an
Adrian during the regular season
big par they drop off they kept banning
you knows I recon and everyone everyone
else was playing it and they got smashed
by it
and then they decided to sub out Adrian
for a pop a child for a couple games
what do you think cuz now I think they
are putting Adrian back in what do you
think are all taken Adrian's like
biggest problems as
do Oh like not even including like you
know teamfights and stuff just
straight-up Lane phase mmm straight-up
in Lane well I think everyone's most
practiced balling overall is eirick in
LCS it's IRA cond hands down like I
think everyone except for them has
spammed the shit out of that land cuz
it's really hard to play actually it
looks really faced really oh I go in
what site with recon but it's actually
really tough to play a lot of matchups
so everyone has spammed it it seems like
there they didn't weren't comfortable
playing it that's a huge weakness
cuz that's you know something that
everyone kind of needs to to read be
really good at and what else I don't
know I feel like Adrienne has pretty
limited champion pool a lot of the time
and he like used to make jokes about his
champion ocean but he didn't really have
one and I think he gets pretty nervous
on stage a lot of time that's just the
feeling that I get from playing against
him he has pretty big nerves especially
in playoffs what's their biggest
weakness I don't know they're just not
very scary it's like I'm just playing
versus someone I don't know who it is I
don't I can't like put a name to it or
strength to it I'm just playing risk
these guys and it's just it feels really
easy like I guess on the other side I'll
tell you what's like a play against
demented mithi I can't do anything
against men and mithy I'm pushing them
in I'm doing everything like perfectly
but they're not making any mistakes and
I can't do anything I'm just sitting
there and they're in front of their
tower waiting for them to make mistake
and they never make a mistake so I think
that's like how it feels to play against
them it's like an impenetrable wall
I guess Jaco got like some hooks through
that wall but usually that's what it's
like to play against that duo they're
really good and it's not I don't know
when I play against I'll take an Adrian
I don't feel anything like emotionally
do you feel anything you just did itself
would you if you were their coach
because you have to declare only once up
for playoffs and stuff would you bring
Papa Chow or would you bring one of the
other ones that they've shown Mike de
monterrey was decent in mid lane
actually really shocked I thought Papa
Joe and Avanti do really good for their
debut so I don't know what I would do if
I was her coach I guess if I was their
coach I would have been able to fix the
problem stop making roster changes or I
would have stuck with the roster I don't
know it just it seems where they
flip-flopped you know it's like he
probably did the roster changes because
the problems that they had weren't
beginning fixed and then maybe he like
tried to use the roster change as a way
to motivate the team or like to get him
to agree with him or something I don't
really know what was going on but it's
like why the fuck did you sub in like
these players and then and then they did
pretty good and then you slip them out
seems like Kobe I have a question for
you who do you think is gonna work do
you think it's gonna we asked questions
as the caller's all the time you never
watch this show Kobe you don't know
really we hang out all the time you've
never brought it up whenever whatever or
what do you think is gonna happen this
weekend do you think Team Liquid is
gonna win or a hundred thieves or sorry
echo fox it's double T's here I think
they're definitely gonna 3-0 echo fox
okay so but do you really think honestly
I'll kick double lift and then you can
tell the stream how about that I'll take
my other chat for a second do you want
me to get me out of here oh I think a
lot of it hinges on honey
because impact has been doing really
well recently but I'm not sure you know
how how who needs performance is gonna
change
who needs play-off is one of the most
exciting things right last time the
Lucian and all the epic fail so that's
pretty much what all my hopes are for
you know let's see what what who knees
gonna pull out and if he's gonna be able
to do anything to impact because in fact
did a good job of absorbing a lot of
pressure you know anything else to talk
about before we say goodbye to Kobe nope
okay Kobe subscriber Kobe yeah I was
gifted of subscription actually Kobe
subscriber as of today Kobe who was on
the show last week remind me I forget
you're breaking up oh yeah these God
thank you so much Kobe for coming on the
show really appreciate it
moving on the next color we got oh by
the way we got Cali me proto has sub
thank you guys Ron track for 500 sub
points I don't know if were gonna do
that this I know for for double if that
means nothing but for me that's amazing
it's a life-changing what did they do
what subs Oh Congrats
thank you yeah you'll only be like 20 or
290,000 less than injure something yes
true that's all we have right now
yeah Envy is on the show envy first
stuff sorry that you didn't make it
through the franchising process secondly
where you calling from
I'm calling from Georgia Georgia and
what do you want to talk about on the
show today I want to talk about how as a
c9 fan I'm actually happy that c9 lost
Willie okay this is anything yeah go on
let's go yeah you're welcome and well
tell me so I've been a long time t9 fan
and c9 in my opinion has always had
fantastic rosters so I am on the
bandwagon from the preseason that this
cloud9 roster
I really hope does not stick around and
I really hope they make a change sooner
than later what don't you like about the
roster if we're being more blunt I guess
I can't
I think Spence Caron is a good player
but I think he's a waste of an import
slot like he's not worth the imports lot
with how valuable they are
and although licorice didn't really do
as bad as most people thought he would I
still don't think it's the right fit
either
doublelift do you think that your boy
Dennis yeah go ahead and go ahead no I
was what do you think about sneaky
Jensen and Reapers
while reading though cuz that's been
pretty high this split okay but you
didn't see the the spent scared
interview where he no I'm just saying to
like I don't know if other people might
have seen it okay for context Dennis did
an interview with riot where he talked
about how like midway through the split
he's looked around and sneaky Jensen and
great people were playing Marian and he
was like shouldn't we be practicing who
did this a riot was this with like
novices this was a right article that
was an article yeah yeah oh shit maybe
that went over Bush it was heads my bed
I think what you're saying about about
Dennis is like fair criticism for sure
he's my ex teammate so I feel like I
I gotta defend him beliefs a little bit
like I see a lot of people flame him
I see why like he looks really bad when
uh when his team is doing bad I guess
cuz it just looks like he's dying
carelessly but I guess what I will say
is like if if no one on the c9 was
willing to take risks like Dennis does
then they wouldn't do anything like
that's how I feel like I feel like
Jensen and sneaky are really safe
players they're not real playmaker is
like people make people will say that
Jensen and sneaky are good because
they're really clean they're really
solid they don't die much they don't
they're not a liability but I don't
think people say like sneaky and Jensen
they're fucking beset initiating they're
so good at engaging fights like they
really make the plays I think they say
like they're really good at dodging
stuff and like just playing back so I
need to take risks and when when you
have Dennis on your team and you're
losing he just looks like he's trolling
but I think what he's really doing is
he's like he feels like he needs to
engage for the team but like their
teamwork is just not good enough I guess
to pull it off to kind of follow up on
on that point maybe you can share some
insight if you can remember this but
like he looked like he was like spent
almost like he was trolling in spring
2016 when you guys had yellow star on
that roster on TSM and
you were in a playoffs I thought but
like you were like eighth or whatever
and barely making playoffs and then in
summer he looked like a god and you guys
went on that insane run like did you
feel like his level of play elevated
much or like the team started playing
better and then
played this aggressive style uh it's
just like we have these super long
emotional talks which like for the
longest time were like Dennis you can't
do that you can't you can't go and you
can't do this because of that you can't
play this metric because of these
reasons and it's like at one point it
was just like a blow up where Dennis was
just like well I can't do anything like
apparently I can't like I can't engage
here like I can't play these champions
like we can't do this we can't do that
like I feel like we like suffocated him
and then and then like the TSM culture
you know it's like it's like a
stereotype about like how it's just be
written in words but like it is like a
very critical culture so not like overly
critical but it's critical and like when
when people attack you for like making
mistakes it makes it it makes it feel
like you can't do anything like you
can't you have to think everything over
a thousand times before you breathe or
like you make any move in game so I
think giving like giving your drummer
confidence is really important because
like I don't know on team like would we
give Jake a lot of support I guess it's
like if he if he thinks we should fight
we're fighting like we're all in on it
nobody's nobody's second-guessing
nobody's like saying like oh I don't
think we can win it's like no we're
fucking doing this so I think that's
something maybe c9 is missing because
like that's why it looks like dennis is
just randomly engaging it's like I don't
think he has everyone's support I guess
behind it tonight can I ask a question
of the caller as well so if you if you
think that spin is not a best utilized
import slot do you want a different
import jungler or do you want to change
out top lane and get an na jungler
gotcha well so let me say one thing on
the last part first and then I'll answer
your question mm-hmm when I made that
statement I think Spence Guerin is a
good player and I think he is not bad
for c9 I just think he's not valuable
enough for the import slot so if he were
a resident then perfectly fine on c9
that's fair and then to answer your
question I would say 100% just based off
of you know previous class
nine success is simply playing through
top plane I mean if you look at me do
smalls if you look at you know impact if
you if you just look at every cloud nine
success it is always a 30 top laner so
yeah I would for sure go look for the
import like I would have loved to have
seen an na jungler and cloud 9 to swoop
up honey instead of echo fox
yeah but they no they didn't so what do
you do now right but luckily I am not a
team owner I'm not in a crappy position
Jack is well rosters are rather you know
closed at the moment but right did you
hear a Jack actually said he's not
changing the roster up then with all due
respect to Jackie's dumb maybe not dumb
but you don't agree what dumb yeah of
course he's not a dumb team owner I mean
look at the success that cloud yeah yeah
yeah but not changing the roster is a
mistake in my opinion yeah I mean if you
say that but then also we don't it's not
like there's an obvious solution in your
mind so right it he is a site like he
could make it worse right what if his
team doesn't make it to playoffs next
split I had it how do you how do you
make it worse right like the only
downside is what not making playoffs but
yeah in in the current like in the
current trend I don't see cloud 9 making
it to Worlds this year so whether you
don't make playoffs or you know it
really doesn't matter there's just I
mean just making it two worlds in this
doesn't mean no respect to you would
just feel a little dire for a team that
was like consistently in the top two the
entire until the very last day of the
split to say like there's no chance they
can make worlds right now well a basis
to be fair they were doing well based on
one meta that's surrounded on solely
counter picking for liquorice and
liquorice playing you know a lot more
aggressive top laners and then as soon
as it swaps to a tank meta it looked
really abysmal and the whole PR behind
it was they're trying new things but
does that line stop exactly like when is
it that they actually have to win games
rather than trying new things
yeah because this situation is avoided
by simply just winning a couple more
regular-season games
yeah let's have some serious faith in
liquorice that's absolute Sproul like on
the inside that the probably discussed
like oh we think liquorice can like
super turned it around yeah I mean it's
only had one split so far so yeah I feel
the same thing that you do though that
that they did the same thing all split
they didn't change it and that's why we
prepped so hard for the match is like I
thought they were gonna change it up you
know get something get spicy because
liquorice was doing the same thing every
day or every game and and unfortunate
thank you so much you have you for
calling in yeah thank you so much
figures oh thanks yeah no they're not
doing well yeah wait what's wrong with
Dallas fuel who's the best watch team is
this all dynasty no it's why is it not
Saul dynasty they have the coolest name
they're the third best team I think holy
shit intrepid 90th subbed Jason Nelson
24 has some kiwi mullet boy 7 said hey
Travers I just want to shout out
everything the chainsmokers have done
from 2016 to the present time the show
for that all right let's JV kid Ching
Lam both sub absolute FX sub as well
thank you so you didn't enable Parkers
or mocha sand your chat I don't even
know how to in it it sounds like there's
an extension that I have I don't know
this sounds like a I don't connect us in
the chat for for this guy not enabling
better cos monk ass for not enabling
monk ass
holy shit are you done yet Peter man my
show back yet meddling kids is here
meddling kids were you calling from I'm
calling from the Bronx the Bronx ok
and what do you want to talk about on
the show tonight I just want to talk
about how soul is one of the best value
pickups for an na org this offseason and
you can see it in its current play uh
just going off with value because I
think value is kind of subjective I'm
basing a lot of this out of and we saw
this with the last caller how he's not
taking up an import slot
he's us and especially in top lane where
you see a lot of either the top top
laners who are any residents stay on
their teams or importing really
high-level talents which costs a lot of
money which solo probably is not making
but I can't know that for sure
he's also fluent in English and his
stats are really okay considering how
little resources he was getting and I
think that he fits really well and the
team that they were building and I don't
think that they could have picked up a
better player yeah I think you can say
and I talked about this I have an
interview with Sebastian Park who is
like the guy that that runs clutch
coming out tomorrow but I in it I said I
feel like he won the offseason because
he probably spent the least to get the
most like that is a valuable team like
you talking about value town this is a
trump stream right yeah yeah not that
Trump the other Trump yeah it's a
hearthstone Trump Park also used to be
our con with a ma so all these are some
things you know Marc Zimmerman has a
double lift what do you think oh that's
true I totally agree I think for context
like coming in I thought solo his
account name is Rhys egg in soloqueue I
was really shocked that he did not get
permabanned over the last few years
because he was the biggest filter I've
ever played with and one of the hardest
flavors in soloqueue I'm sure eventually
one person will dig up all the chat
likes but he's like literally one of the
most toxic people I've ever played
dominate about it he was so funny we had
a solo in one of our Academy teams on T
LA and Dawn was on T L at the time and
he's like I refuse to fucking talk to
that kid like don't let me see him I'll
beat the shit like one of the most
insane flavors I've ever seen but it was
really funny to play like with it
against him anyway
and then have like holy shit this guy's
gonna be an LCS like wow like I wonder
you know like I thought he's gonna be
really bad but I'm glad he proved me
wrong like I think it's cool that he is
reformed flamer
he looks pretty nice in person always
like smiling doesn't seem to get tilted
and he's doing good so his family shows
up to every I think every single game
it's super cute it's like the new Mike
Smith thing
it's really great yeah he actually is
really nice on in person I never I
didn't ever have a problem with him on a
team which was surprising giving his
solo cute history I thought he was gonna
be terrible and then like I interviewed
him once for like trying out for the
team and he sounded nice but like a lot
of shitheads and so like you sound nice
when you interview them and then you put
him in a losing situation they start
flaming yeah I've actually never seen
him do that which is pretty impressive
Peter sounds nice until he starts losing
yeah case in point yeah the manifesto is
coming out well I got it okay my minions
show about that okay we'll forget but
yeah twitch app again you can help
remember set a reminder so low suck off
session is it is it you know that's what
I think
no he's summit right now I know but like
what about the caller well yeah that's
what I'm saying I mean I I mean I
thought this was gonna be a lot hotter
take than it actually was
so yeah I was gonna try and ask is there
anyone
doublelift who you can think of who was
a better value pick up this split what I
did someone who you didn't have I don't
track numbers here but I doubt you were
a value yeah I bet you have a pretty
phat hunt they picked me up out of the
bargain bid yeah you see I suppose like
does anybody want this you don't really
yeah this is the back of a supermarket
with the stuff it was a better value
than solo shit good question better
value value town-ho
I don't know fuck I can't answer that
yeah it's so hard who's not hard it
seems like a fox
no yeah I'm solo for sure Ryu
no I'll just throw names out there yeah
yeah nomination then yeah elimination
yeah that is some depreciating value
mentally every yield his contract
what Oh meddling kids thank you so much
for calling on the show awesome thanks
man alright let's turn through some more
folks as we gonna Travis I'm gonna link
you where you go for your boats man you
really need to get on wacky pecky lips a
sub thank you so much you need to get on
it Peter I am NOT a member of all right
I don't want to bathe yes because you
use those emotes doesn't make you a
member of the alright
oh shit really hey just do it you don't
anymore Parkers then how you gonna how
you gonna experience why are you guys so
why do I need to use this extension
anyway I just don't understand maybe
well because okay if you have better
twitch TV you can see Parker's motifs
and like omegle oh our please omegle all
like you can see everything you're busy
you can see god this is a powerful
extension I know that the chrome API is
allowed for that kind of thing no
seriously you need to enable it manually
by by enabling better twitch TV on your
channel
listen biggest double if fan is in the
inlet call right now biggest double of
fan were recalling from Eagle Pass Texas
from where in Texas Eagle Pass it's like
a small city Eagle Pass and why are you
the biggest double of fan I'm not I just
said that have a guard cats getting the
call okay well at least it's good
strategy we've get this the callers were
a shower getting savvy or savvy ER you
know this marks gonna say biggest double
fan what do you want to talk about on
the show
alright I want to talk about trash
in na LCS compared to like traditional
sports lady for example in like
basketball football there's like a lot
of shit talking like in person like for
example like there was like a lot of
like you know snatching chains in the
NFL like if you have like a chain they
strip it off and like in basketball
they're costly Bantry and then it seems
like in LCS almost like a nice guy like
you see by Ross energy like yeah they
played well but we played a little
better I guess you know can can I insert
my opinion here on this I think a lot of
it is actually due to the fact of one
the type of game and to the stage setup
you see this a lot in other eSports
actually us particularly console eSports
like console shooters where they will
align team ups in the stage setup is so
that you're like sitting right across
from your opponent and you can just get
up and yell at them and you see a ton of
shit talk in those constantly sports mid
game mid series you know like if
somebody else and stuff is sometimes
inappropriate yeah yeah for sure in
league like it's it's very difficult to
do so because and I don't think the
right would want to encourage this
anyway so it's a moot point but like
you're wearing a soundproof headset and
you're on different sides of the stage
you know and like also League is not
necessarily the same kind of like
adrenaline rush except for like team
fight things whereas like like I don't
know the the experience in like a lone
cause much more visceral when you're
like shooting somebody double look how
much do you think is like also just the
fact that you guys know each other
probably better than any other eSport I
can think of we're like and now LCS
players see each other see everybody
every single weekend and like have very
shared common areas so yeah you get to
know people a lot more and it's harder
than talk someone that you see every
weekend and this like I bumped into him
at a tournament after talking shit
online and then I yelled at him on the
other side of it mark you see them and
if you really hate somebody then it
festers even more and more and you can't
get away from them you're like god I
just can't wait to fuck and destroy this
kid yeah but I agree with you I think
you just want to make an enemies no see
my
be out of a job you know if someone
hates you you might get like you know
oh that's a good mornin yeah then you
have one less opportunity but anyways
that doesn't really matter I get yeah
it's probably the same in other eSports
too and like regular sports yeah I don't
know I think we're all first we're just
like really awkward virgins you know we
don't want to Chad yeah we don't have
any sheds I said we have we have some I
mean TSM trash-talked a lot like they
talk to the trash talk before the start
of this play yeah
in fact they trash like so much like
brick should apologize because he was
like kind of mean to bio frost you know
but like I think the callers talking
about like more yeah more personal stuff
like in your face more in your stuff
yeah laughing like hey here's a tweet
and here's a feature that someone said
something and it's like none of it seems
organic yeah yeah and another thing is
like in-game like why can't me like
season like in-game BM like for example
shit impact popping off on chin like why
can he give us like a penguin dad or
something you know if they don't have
those enabled on on tournament realm but
yeah fuck you right man but like bring
that up I can see all shot and you see
like impact like claiming this shit on
the enemy talk later there there was
actually like rules about all chat like
I played in tournaments back in the day
when you could type in all chat and like
I remember I played against fnatic and
then I died to expect it and he said
best ad down XD yeah that'd be fucking
hilarious if it happened now like but I
think what they like disabled all chat
like you can't type shit in all chat
because I don't know why actually I
don't even know if that rule still in
effect but I'm pretty sure it is yeah
right definitely does not want that
stuff yeah right just don't want to
promote they probably doesn't want to
promote like a really toxic like
atmosphere I guess yeah but they don't
want this to turn into overwatch if
everyone because if everyone was an
asshole my face please
it might discourage new players from
buying RP
[Music]
oh do you think do you think they've
gone too far in the other direction
double the flag I think so I think I
think a lot of fans feel that way but as
a pro player do you feel like you wish
there was more that stuff were you kind
of happy with the current like
environment where it is more pleasant
it's not really riot I think is this
community like if if concert tweets I
don't know like I guess good examples
yeah halls or tweets I can see the
clutch shaking in there I can feel them
shaking there in their boots in next
door then he loses he's gonna have to
see people bring that up and in his face
every fucking day for two years for the
rest of his career literally for the
rest of his career people can bring this
up and it's gonna make them feel bad but
what's that like Jensen clapping faker
yeah yeah exactly just like that it's
like I guess our lives are a lot more
online so like in when you're a fucking
football player I'm guessing you don't
go on Twitter and like read all the hate
mail every day cuz you're probably busy
but like we spend all of our lives
online so people can just like heckle us
about that stuff non-stop and then like
we're always exposed to it maybe in the
future eSports players just won't use
social media as much and then they won't
care about the repercussions it's also
on the field what you say is like not
public for everybody to hear or discern
sometimes they say Cup players and stuff
but largely like a lot of the shit that
goes on is like you know unheard
unspoken from so funny story well I
don't know if I should tell the story
but anyways in basketball in particular
Kevin Garnett is like this unbelievable
trash talker and just like some of the
stories that come out about shittiest is
like so fucked up it's like he's
actually engaging in mental warfare wall
and basketball and everyone hates like
everyone hates him until he's on his
team and like it's it's just so funny
some of the stories I won't get into
today actually are kind of fucked up but
it's great I understand why it's not an
LCS though it's interesting because
again like this always happens mark
blows me up for but I did an interview
with Steve it's the one that's out right
now it's on the subreddit and on the
channel and he was saying par the reason
he is enjoying the Chautauqua
jack is because he feels like there's
not enough of it in the sea
and he wants there to be more of it and
then it was really funny because then
people in the twitch chat we're sorry in
the YouTube comments were blowing him up
because he said clutches bad I'm like
guys like he yes they lost but like it I
don't know we already talked about this
I just I think it's interesting even
even the Stephen some of the owners I
think are trying to kind of bring some
of it back in so yeah I think it's it's
tough but the community is like how
could you like Cassie you're wrong I
suppose just like Oh huh yeah thank you
so much okay okay one last thing one
less thing what do you what do you guys
think if there was a game for of our
series and I was like Jetson you're
looking you're looking nervous or like
Jensen nice Orioles or something like
that stage and it got broadcasted to
everyone as a fan out I would love that
shit you like it would make you want to
watch the game you know what I mean yeah
but I feel like it would add for Peter
risk high reward
either way it's a better story like dude
the fuck yeah Reggie Miller Spike Lee
shit we're like like they were losing
and then Spike Lee's like you're fucking
choking and all this and then Reggie
Miller goes out and just like fucking
shoots like a billion percent and then
goes back to Spike Lee and does the
choking thing again like that's just
such a great story and like I would love
her you talk that shit and either you've
you destroy Jensen the rest of the
series or Jensen then he's like man fuck
this kid and then destroys you and then
talks more shit back like either way as
a viewer I am more entertained than I
was if you didn't do it very good well
thank you so much for coming on the show
biggest double of fan I'm not sure if I
approve of your strategy but it works so
congratulations
yeah thanks confirmed new strategy for
our line they just make shit up get on
who cares no repercussions loulou
amperage donated five thousand bits and
said really have seer news show Holly
got double if Peter smiley face keep up
the good work
the human crab subd dodo eight blue lamp
rats coming back in with the sub
biblical uh five hundred bits and also
Thank You Bubba color for the wish list
stuff came in the mail today for helium
subbed and then Leo doe 99r acceptance
said is really interesting how
semifinal match of TL verse Fox is
basically 2016 IMT versus 2017 IMT
interesting really thought about that
space Pope 20k is on the show right now
space Polk 20k another great name where
he called from presumably space but yeah
not not space unfortunately um Flint
Michigan Flint Michigan and what is it
that we're yeah Michaels it's rough over
here gets weird don't worry about it
okay yeah space Pope 20k what do you
want to talk about in the show besides
Flint Michigan and so first of all a
first-time caller
but I've watched every episode of the
show supports hey Congrats tell me I'm
happier on here maybe probably
apparently thank you thank you um so
I've been saying since the preseason I
actually tried to get onto one of the
earlier episodes like at the very start
that um Reginald was claiming that this
that the last season of TSN like with
you know lift and with Vincent and with
Dennis or bio frost instance guarantee
that it was not a world's caliber team
right and here we are with his worlds
now team and it's like Mike Young didn't
know how to jungle for the first four
games kind of true so I mean and he's a
pro of course he knows but it's like I
feel as though the world's um the world
to know team mentality that he had like
obviously you have to win na first but
like I've been a TSM fan since like
season one with like kayaks and tires
and everything you know and to be now in
season eight like I've been supporting
both CLG and Team Liquid because you and
bio have been like my favorite bot land
throughout all this and like Reggie
steers are gonna be so delicious
like I'm just I was on Twitter like
ready for as soon as they lost damn they
were pretty delicious I guess a this
situation like I so all harken back to
what you are saying I remember looking
in the teeth live on the show right now
my dad I'll do later okay that's really
good I don't like Travis to shame you
alright sorry Calvary season episodes I
shared this exact same sentiment with
with you or you obviously weren't on the
show but I shared it on this on this
show where I thought that this was
potentially the first time that Reggie
was making a roster move that could come
back and really bite him in the butt and
the thing that I was thinking about that
I'm really glad Peters on to share with
is like this situation red so
reminiscent to me of something that CLG
experienced going from season two to
season 3 where literally Peter I don't
remember know if you remember this but I
remember this very distinct conversation
where we were talking about expectations
for season three and you said to me
verbatim
you don't understand how free na is
going to be like the only thing that
matters is how well we're going to do at
Worlds because we want to be a world's
competitive team and that was like the
the ethos that kind of bled through our
team at the start of season three were
like we didn't respect the region at all
we took for granted that we were going
to be the best team in na and like we
had some like rocky first weeks I think
when LCS was starting out but we were
like it doesn't matter we'll get back on
track like we're way better than
everybody else and I'm not saying this
is necessarily the exact same thing
that's going on in TSM but like it reads
a lot to me that way where you feel like
your team and in tsm's case like had
proven for a pretty consistent period of
time that like they could just smash an
a granted with Peter and spin and bio on
the team like we need to go to the next
level
we've eclipsed this and you overshoot a
little bit and you make a really big
change and take for granted that you'll
just be able to keep the same level of
consistency and then upgrade which is
it's like you can't just take it for
granted and it's maybe is now binding
them in the butt because the other thing
that I brought up as well and I'll stop
after this rambling but like when you
release an a talent back into that
region you have to compete against them
you release it yeah yeah exactly you
released the best player in the history
of the u.s. back on to one of your right
it's true like it is objectively true
blegh
okay that's okay that's that's
subjective I can't say it's objectively
true but in my opinion is true like
certainly one of the best players in one
of the Best Western a DC's who's like
still performing very well and bio even
tops my ADC by the way for sure and then
I watched the quarterfinals in which
Peter didn't die once so you know that
that pans out but yeah like it's just
like it's one of those situations and we
will ultimately see whether or not TSM
can get it back together in summer split
but like it's really scary when you when
you do something like that when you when
you just like maybe reach a little bit
too far and take for granted what you
already have
yeah regex is a tweet from yesterday
where he said I / we took winning na for
granted how do we go for worlds when we
can't win na so yeah I think whether or
not that's a dude whether stielike
roster moves or just actual attitude of
how the team was practicing or something
who knows what he's referencing but
definitely the case yeah that's so
perfectly sums up like the regret I
guess the mentality I think the the
memory that you had were we talking
about like oh we're so much better than
everyone else like we're we're
definitely worth class like it's gonna
be a cakewalk like we're yeah we already
thinking about the next thing it's like
that's such a classic like hubris thing
I'm sure there's like a billion fucking
like stories novels whatever about this
like classic arrogance mistake and yeah
definitely look like TSM kind of had it
I think it was a subconscious so I don't
think like the team is like oh we're
definitely gonna make roads let's only
focus on on being like top four worlds
or whatever I think like but
subconsciously they they're like oh dude
our parts like the parts of our team are
so insane individually like like we are
definitely better than everyone else we
just we're just waiting for our time to
shine on whatever they get too
comfortable
I think that's yeah that's really
exactly what happens just getting too
comfortable do you are you concerned at
all that like this now gives them the
perfect wake-up call to become that
monstrous team that everyone thought
they could be or are you just like now
fuck them wait
it was gonna be beast oh now that they
have lost for the first time ever not in
finals do you actually think that this
then gives them the perfect wake-up call
to like be monsters in summer and from
worlds and stuff yeah I think it's
pretty good I'm not the perfect wake-up
call because they're not they don't have
a chance to play the rest of playoffs or
even MSI yeah but a good one yeah
there's a moment for it to happen for
them it's it's now Peter you know Andy
do you think that there will be some
sort of change with TSM and the
offseason or in the break no I don't
think so I feel like if I was part of
that work I'd say just one split they
gave you know the roster that I was on
they gave our roster two years two
worlds of chances and that one it's like
you could chalk it up to you oh we had
one bad set like why make if you think
the like positive optimistic approach
you gets to just say oh one bad one
fluke we're gonna get him next time so
this is a big part of my criticism with
Reginald on this too because again like
I'm not just a longtime TSM panda just
Fairweather JumpShip I feel like if
you're saying hey we don't think this is
the roster that win world that will win
worlds so here's our long-term approach
let's bring in a veteran shot caller and
like establish duo and bot Lee and groom
this you know potential and a talent
jungler that's a different expression
but when you say in the preseason this
is our world so now a team like I just
don't agree like at best
um spent and mithy or a sigh grid to the
bot lane that they have like at best you
know what I'm saying like the other have
experience in bio is still new but I'm
still getting better like still so um
tip for me to stay we have a win now
worlds now team if you're gonna spend
both of your imports on a bot lane this
is a question I have for you guys why
not reach out to pray and gorilla who
were interviewed at all service and said
they would love to come to n a language
barrier yeah yeah I know Reggie has
always been against mixed communication
and I mean especially once like in the
past they had mics communication right
and
and I became a bit of an issue so yeah
well since since then I guess I know
Leon the bigger wave of talents started
coming in yeah I think that's why you
wouldn't do it why is everyone's
spamming a stupid double of me
this is what pits slow chat on guys -
just let twitch chat spam are you
actually yeah - no you're the fun police
over here I just say you reference one
thing from twitch chat today I got Kobe
came on the show because of this oh
that's true hmm baseball 20 games I'm
sorry you have to be here for this
violent moment Peter were you gonna say
something
I think tips and roster could do good
they just had a really unfortunate end
to the split but I mean what it's like
to play ever spendin mithy and what it's
like to play verse every other botlane
and na it's like I would I feel like I
look like I'm playing pretty well right
now to the viewers or whatever but up
until this point like we were just
getting spanked by Sven and mithi
they're so good I think they really
elevated the region a lot like I think
if Apollo and Jaco didn't scrim against
them so much they you know now that was
the first time they ever met
that wouldn't happened they're pretty
good I'm not saying that they're an F
grade but they're fuckin good thank you
it's definitely a period that they're
good I mean they had such long-term
success of G - and that is a good point
you make where you're seeing people like
Apollo and Haku oh right getting what
it's like simulated worlds experience
playing against international talent
like Sven in the myth you which you've
never played against before it yeah
thank you so much for calling it in
space Pope thanks for having you guys
yeah they succeed hey double they've had
you know the origin of that meme like
the Alex 19 thing yeah of course
okay I didn't know if it was just like a
man this is such a great copypasta about
me they even added a special part just
for me and his haircut oh yeah nice
I'm gonna go I have to go back and read
this fan it's it's not it's not pretty
week it's literally the entire chat now
Bob doing five dollars and says Travis
why didn't you drop the anchor I don't
know whether that's a reference to and
exponential rusty would drop the anchor
and fuck drop that a baby
frosty listen I'm sorry for us here to
join it at this time slot hostilities
consonants we were you calling from it
sounds like not nearby no it's not
actually I'm from South Africa
holy moly I think you're generally you
might be the furthest away from us we've
ever had somebody call I think New
Zealand is definitely closer than Cape
Town what what do you want to talk about
on the show it was sorry there's an
incredibly heavy lag on this I say
failure thing go for it anyway yeah so
what I want to talk about is as an
outside there with no affiliation to
America and NLCS is that I really enjoy
watching this content than is art
because of the interpersonal rivalries
and storylines between players because
there's just so much great stuff to
follow and a lot of appeal to viewers
since it differentiates an NA from other
region so you see things like chance and
most Buicks and sneaky and the means
double the first every team that he was
previously on dark and the implosion or
lack composure Manakin Fox is reign of a
strong independent jungler who doesn't
need no hooni that's something yeah
you're really up-to-date on all this
stuff you'd follow the leak well I like
I like that point because I am I I
mentioned this once I think on glt or
something about how you kind of blew
itself up for a little while because
they lost all of that and if you go back
and look at like legacy players and I
don't know how true this is anymore this
was in season seven I think but na had
like ten players who have been playing
since season three or season four and EU
had like three or something and so I
think having long term especially like
the superstar players
like double is still in the league
bjergsen whatever afro like all that is
huge for like maintaining fan interest
because that gives time to like the
newer players to become quote-unquote
famous or whatever you want to say and I
think it's something that you lost cause
like g2 and fnatic and all those like
legendary players I guess fnatic Origen
SK like all those players just
disappeared
yeah mark you mentioned EU LCS and I an
involuntary yawn that just happened
how much eat you have you watched this
year legit none it's so boring
I can't do it yeah I'm knowledge it
amazed me that being said the only sort
of things you see you when you tuning in
to the EU LCS in terms of the consistent
storylines are like so Azamat don't
trample the fact that genius doesn't
know what the smart keys signal laughing
time yeah they're just grasping at
straws dude I love that twitch chat is
just spamming na LCS waiting room when
you elseis go yet because I feel bad for
the it's it's true yeah I don't know I
there their viewership does really well
though they've been they've been getting
strong buer ship this split right I
think it's like less than half of a
ninja stream is usually what they
average not counting the other the other
languages languages I mean in na LCS our
viewership has been slipping - I don't
think that we can throw stones at
anybody yeah but at least we are like
you know 1.25 an inch astray on youtube
so it's like twitch and then you go over
on youtube and it's like usually between
80 and like 120 Kay I mean to be fair
they like na had 255 on Twitch I wasn't
tracking super closely but for that TL
CSM lost they had 255 on twitch I don't
know what I had on YouTube at least a
hundred I was watching on YouTube Ilya
hundred yeah that was a lot I watched I
looked at it I looked at you and it was
50k for and that's all you got to see
before your eyes closed
and you're knocked out cold fall down
and get a concussion what happen what do
you find so boring about EU LCS Peter
I'm curious cuz you're talking is fun
but I'm just curious I just I don't know
I think it's a lot of small reasons it
part of it is that not every player is
like totally fluent in English which
means they can't express themselves as
easily it's like they can use the same
same words that everyone knows very
basic English if you're fluent you can
articulate articulate yourself a lot
more as I choked on my words and like
yes you feel a lot more connected to
someone if they're fluent you know like
the culture is there but I don't know
what it is I feel like you know Europe
has a larger player base so you can't
even really say that they have like less
players to pull from like viewers to
pull from I think they are just not as
interesting I guess their play style is
really their playstyle in personalities
not the interesting also in a day
everyone streams or everyone used to
stream though he's gonna go on rant now
no it's just our up twitch no Kelvin the
past has gone on streaming grants to
various people in the Europe don't
stream enough I'm on they they don't
they never have dude Kelby had the
fattest influence everyone me he told me
you're only gonna be doing this shit for
a really tiny portion of your life if
you have any free time at all just spend
it streaming because this is your
biggest opportunities your biggest
window to make it big and like make a
lot of money make a lot of fans like
make it legacy so when I first joined LG
and helped me told me that I was like
holy shit idea if I'm not sleeping then
I'm gonna be streaming yeah
and he was like don't even practice for
world's just yeah dream on 3d TV you
know whatever it takes
frosty what do you some bet you lose
sorry mark USA yeah what do you think
for like why you you personally don't
find you you as interesting you makes
you like the interpersonal like kind of
rivalries or the players is there
anything else I mean so I been playing
League I play on us so I have a formal
affiliation to the server but watching
the pro see like it's just dear
quite frankly and also just looking at
the way that like I know this sounds
like a bit like I'm sucking up but I
just love the American Costas fallen
more than Europeans yeah Vidya is kind
of funny and officier he doesn't things
but just in terms of the personalities
in terms of having the desk analyst
ascend the Charlotte coasters I just
it's a phone win gauging environment
right I think that's actually something
that I haven't given enough credit to
personally in the past as well as
especially now that they don't have
Mitch there that I think that any
broadcast talent has been yeah much
better for a longer period of time
although that being said he did subbing
for one game so I'm gonna give him
credit did yeah I think that a lot of
the reason that lck no Cheon blew up is
because money and Dillo were really
great on broadcast as much as you know
some people I thought they were super
awesome Peter he's looking like someone
just he saw a ghost right I I'm looking
like I saw a ghost cuz I look at you say
it Kelby says that I look at Peter and I
just wait for him to start making it I
totally know no I actually I never
thought about that at all that's such a
good point like pros from our
perspective like when we watch streams
we usually mute it cuz we can't stand
hearing the casters talk but right it's
like when jatt is on like I actually
listened to him and I enjoy hearing what
he says I don't know why his voice is
it's like fucking like silk and he
usually says smart stuff and he says it
in an interesting way and like I like
listening to jatt and the like listening
to Monty and oh and then I couldn't
listen in to you casters cuz yeah they
just you're just really weird I don't
know I guess they're just not for me but
I'm glad I'm just you know the only one
in that boat hey frosty how are you able
to watch or how difficult is it for you
to follow all this stuff from Cape Town
um I mean quite frankly I have to stay
up until about midnight to catch the
start of NLCS and then you sort of is
started like coming it's 8:30 mossad
p.m.
so it's a bit of a struggle but I mean I
enjoy catching it alive and if not I've
always got the vod's
pun saying what time is it there right
now it's seven minutes to 7:00 in the
morning okay you have an interesting
sleep schedule frosty didn't go to sleep
nom adversity so you know all the late
night assignments gonna do what you're
gonna do yeah but sparsity you know
University College fee goes oh yeah by
the way you sound like a chat like just
I'm just saying I feel like you're cheb
do you go go faster Thank You frosty you
really appreciate the call yeah can I
can I just do a quick shot I was about
to say sorry kelpy it's not a chance
chance but just two things one shout-out
to the Australian cricket team they
almost got one over on the South African
boys but not quite and then hashtag
gives South Africa a server
thank you very much Jen spin a pleasure
thank you so much thanks to you we have
the nicest colored guy has to play on
the West yeah holy shit from South
Africa mmm yeah that's gotta be rough
I'll see xx shadowbolt 32 X X sub sham
sham sham sub Erebus reaper sub shadow
crazy donated $5 says quick fun question
for the whole squad if you had to have
one which import jungler would you
prefer rush or leave I rush right crave
zero donate $10 says can you place
stream to see if things after this no
because I have to run healer healer
healer subbed and X Bill X
sent some cash as well so thank you so
much waiting on the see if these stream
was pretty fun I'm glad people enjoyed
that it's a fun game I don't know if
it's worth 60 bucks but it was fun to
play with all this on it
how how you doing Peter we got about
five minutes left I think I'm gonna go
there's only five minutes left
thank you oh here I don't I'm sorry
I'm just tired yeah mark is in some
heated debates by the way we are sixteen
sub points away from 500 which would be
the most I've ever had so if anybody
wants to help us hit that chad is going
crazy I don't know why oh heck Norris is
here
I've Norris how are you hi
where you calling from I'm calling from
Moscow Russia
from Moscow Russia holy moly this I am
just doing crazier and crazier what do
you what would you like to talk about
hip Norris
well I just wanted to talk about chief
Sam we gonna keep it some strategy
Ritchie said the TSM practiced for
springing split less than other teams so
I follow competitively basically from
the beginning but I never ever heard
anything talking about things like oh we
are so burned out because we practiced
so much for spring and now it's summer
and we are done so well personally I
think they can take both split equally
seriously without any problems so I
wonder what do you guys think about this
burnout problem does it really exist
will Thyssen crush the summer split
because they are playing something like
4d chess while others played checkers
thinking it's a great question so I
didn't catch this but I guess it sounds
like Reggie said that they were gonna
try to not get burned out in the spring
split so that they Raider for summer
Peter what do you think of the sort of
sorry was that it hip norris we
confirmed that Reggie said that they
started practicing Laden gotcha so they
didn't get burnt up Peter what do you
think
of burnout and sort of that whole
circumstance and it doesn't make sense
that somebody could be like that you
should try to maybe to have a like a
slower start to your spring because you
don't want to get burned out for the
summer
is it real yeah I'd say it's like a real
thing to think about but I get like my I
guess mmm they have like bjergsen and oh
and hot sorry in spended mithi they all
played both splits they played MSI
between like the one year before season
seven they play both splits they played
em aside the full playoffs for both and
they went to Worlds and the next season
started and just like me after worlds
they had one month which sounds like a
lot of time off but for some reason it's
not enough they had one month to get
ready for the next split before like
practice started or whatever and for me
that one month was definitely like it
was rough to just cope with starting so
quickly cuz other teams like you know
Team Liquid they didn't make playoffs
they're playing in relegations and shit
so they were off for like three months
while I was in playoffs and like going
to Worlds and then coming back from that
and it's like I think it's kind of legit
that they started later to to like avoid
burnout I think they just kind of give
you like that that kind of crappy reason
like you said like oh it's to avoid
burnout it's it's that's just the reason
why we started later but if they're if
they try to use that as an excuse I
didn't see that they did but if they try
to you said it as an excuse for like oh
we didn't try that hard to split that's
why we lost that's kind of like that
doesn't really make sense cuz at the end
of the at the end of the split it's not
the team that practiced one more week or
two more weeks that made a difference
it's the theme that practiced smarter
you know like not more time they just
put more effort and energy into it mmm
kind of following up on the burnout
point like you can tell me if this is
how it was for you but I imagine that
it's not quite like a month completely
off either like you disappear time like
you're in discussions with your
management your team's like other teams
around you potentially you're still
thinking about like your few
it's not quite like I went to Thailand
for a month or something always sponsor
requests yeah yeah other things pop up
so it's not quite like an actual month
off plus like you said you probably have
some time to like almost more nor grieve
the fact that you lost or whatever it is
and there's there's a whole host of
things that you just don't like one
month is probably not enough time to do
yeah yeah three weeks in and then your
fourth week you're like wow I'm back to
the another ten months in one week how
am I gonna spend this one week yeah but
thank you so much for the call I have no
I'm sorry we can't have you on longer
but I really appreciate you calling in
from Russia that's crazy I was gonna ask
my new US election thank you
thank you Doris no Kelly was a song I
was just making a joke don't worry about
thank you though enough sketch you did
yeah bring your webcam back we have one
more call and then you can go I like
that picture of me yeah no I'm gonna
leave it for the end Noah thank you so
much where you calling from
I'm calling from Georgia Georgia okay
I'm gonna turn you down a little bit you
lost any gold in congratulations on the
upgraded microphone which I guess is
what's occurred since last time you just
have it really close to my face okay
well thank you thank you for calling
what do you want to talk about um I
wanted to talk a bit uh specifically for
doublelift but I guess it uh it's for
everyone to UM how do you deal with like
the immense pressure you get from like
social media and just being so popular
in general
I know it's known to sometimes affect
performance and his offense Garren's
talked about it son but uh I just wanted
to know how it affects you like
day-to-day basis is there anything you
do differently to try and like mitigate
the pressure that you would get from
like social media I try not to look at
it after a loss actually after a while I
just stopped respecting people's
opinions that like alright
caring with people's opinions I didn't
respect you no like why do I respect the
opinion of like you know someone on
Twitter I don't know this person I don't
know like how educated they are like now
I guess education doesn't matter but
like I just don't know them personally
but I do respect like I put a lot more
stock in not on social media but like on
the relationships I have with like my
friends and my teammates so like if I
can get my teammates like really respect
me and feel like I'm like someone on
their side and like we're working to win
then that's like a lot more important to
me than before before I was just like
checking for check reddit I'd fucking
Google my name every day I feel I
remember that you may be legal legends
forums the old school like when you were
living with me you would you would
search your name on the legalizes forums
and see what people are talking about
cuz it's insane dude it's the first time
that I'm famous I'm like growing up I'm
fucking like Asian nerd no friends like
never had a girlfriend like now I'm a
god like to some people I'm like oh my
god they think I'm amazing like it's I
want to know what they think about me so
yeah I kept looking it up and then I
think a lot of pros of the same way they
they come from the same background as me
like low self-esteem so they played
video games instead of go out and play
sports and then they just kind of luck
out or they get opportunity to be a pro
and then they really take stock in like
what people say about them online but I
think it's just with experience you know
like with Wiz with like straight long
experience you get like more wise about
it you don't you don't care as much cuz
yeah after a while people started
cheating on me and it's like oh wait
maybe I shouldn't do this yeah I
honestly like nobody really knows what
you go through or the intense like all
of the shit you do like all the time I
don't think anybody has the experience
or anything to judge you or say what you
should have done what you could have
done they don't go through that so I was
like the I will dominate statement you
have to be a coach or what challenge or
daimond or challenge
yeah it's pretty truth III would agree
with dawn they're the only people who
know what being a pro player is like our
pro players that is literally the
exclusive group nobody else knows what
it takes to get there our ptosis has a
great quote about it we're like people
talk all the time like oh you know if I
would have had a break or blah blah ball
like I could have gone pro the only
people who know that they could go pro
or pro players there is nobody else
outside of that group yeah and to kind
of chime in about like people not having
an opinion I think like the problem is
people should have an opinion like fans
should have a place where they can share
their thoughts and stuff the problem is
not that they have that place it's that
this it's the same place that pros go to
like the problem is like if a pro wants
to like read about stuff going on the
scene they go to Reddit or something and
that's the same place where all these
people who like double have said
probably aren't super qualified to have
a thousand uploaded comment have a
thousand uploaded comment that the pro
then sees this like the most common
thing and that's that's where I think a
lot of the like I don't know tension or
issues come from it's like I think fans
should have opinions like fans that's
what makes the sport great yeah it's on
the pros to care right yeah the pro like
the who said it but someone said like if
you believe somebody when you tell you
that when you believe if you believe
someone when they tell you you're great
you're gonna believe them when they tell
you you're shit
so like the problem is if you go on
reddit when you're hulking out and you
care what people think it actually gives
you like that endorphin kick or whatever
the fuck dopamine that you're great like
when you go there later and you played
bad and they shit on you you're gonna
get the exact same opposite feeling yeah
yeah it's so addictive to oh so good oh
I was gonna say I was like I was gonna
plug Mark Zimmerman there should be more
content around I feel like there's not
enough analytical content like the blame
game that Mark Zimmerman had it was so
good I watched that every single episode
because I actually felt like it was
learning what's going on behind the
scenes not just like specific instances
and it felt like I actually was
understanding who was what what was that
fault and not who
it felt like I was getting it from an
analyst perspective I don't think
there's enough out there all we see is
reddit which is completely trashed
honestly sorry if you had something work
oh I had a follow-up for doublelift
because he was saying like you can only
learn this through experience or
whatever and I think to an extent that's
true but is there any like shortcut you
would give if there's like a young pro
like to avoid some of the same pitfalls
that feels like a lot of them go through
yeah I think rookies usually you don't
come out and you shouldn't ever want to
listen to Mike Young and then like look
at what happens like you see every
rookie goes through this phase where
like they have this confidence problem I
swear it's happening with licorice right
now it happened with Mike Young early in
this split it might still be happening
like every rookie has this problem it's
cuz when they start playing they do that
shit they where they go and read it
they're like oh my god I wonder people
think I'm good you know I wonder like
I'm gonna take stock in this in their
opinion and then like the one they start
playing bad you'll neva tably have like
bad time and it just snowballs so hard
so just do it I guess you don't need
that you don't need to go through it to
avoid it but you need a lot of willpower
to just be like I'm not gonna check
Twitter or read it after every game and
read what people had to say about me
it's fucking hard yeah well thank you so
much Noah for the colon really
appreciate it
as always thank you yeah all right
everyone so it is just past 10 o'clock
we told Peter he would only have to be
on until then and he did it I really
appreciate it
so thank you so much it was fun I'll see
you guys on Steve thieves
wait wait yeah we we quick round really
quickly double if do you have any
shoutouts anything you want to sing
alien my ballistics HyperX monster you
clearly don't have me as your manager
anymore and I and all anyone I forgot I
mean we're ballistics HyperX monster
he'll be do you know them I don't manage
those accounts
dammit i forget anyone but i love you
more I love you more than the rest no
it's not that okay whatever they still
the you know here's Vance and thanks
having man he's wait I have a question
mm yeah what okay no so this is my shout
out I've been trying to I told probably
this I'm gonna do like a duns oh man I
want to do a dunzo manifest so it kind
of shoot where we just get players oh
you won't get feeder okay go for it
yeah so I want to get players I want to
like get them in there just getting
drunk put some cameras on them and just
let them shoot the shit about the season
and like what's gone right or wrong and
stuff like that and it won't be lives
people need to worry about like what
they say or anything like that and just
get groups of people so like I want to
get like a Korean episode a jungler
episode annex TSM episode or something
do you think pro players would ever do
this much my guess is like 2% unfiltered
unfiltered and like the idea is that
because all of you guys are talking shit
it's not like one interview with one
quotes getting pulled and because it's
not live it'll get edited down and
hopefully all you guys just say some
funny shit over the course of it and
it's just the chance for you guys to be
like man you know what Mike Young and
fan are there and they're both just like
yeah playing with Bjork's fucking hard
dude something like that you know like
whatever it is I don't know we're gonna
say that's gonna really burn some
bridges you've in the context of like a
whole other thing where other people
talk about like a million different
things
oh I just don't think like Peter my
point is I can never do think out little
bits of that I feel like even if you
even if it was just that it was like
yeah it's pretty hard to play three
extent it's like even if you say to a
jerk my person if I was very so now I'd
be like man what are you doing well then
be ricchan gets his episode with Jensen
they're both like dude our jungler suck
dick you know holy shit let's go yeah
maybe if it's light-hearted the whole
time I don't think that I could do a
drunk state of the league anymore like I
used to and I'm saying the party was
lousy work see
and also I'm not gonna go through any
management I'm gonna personally just
kidnap players and do this so that no
one knows twitch chats on my side
they're not gonna tell anybody this
sounds like a good idea mark I think
it's a good idea that might get you a
lot of views I don't know I wouldn't I
don't even care about the views dude I'm
not trying to post this on my channel or
anything I'll put it under whoever wants
it they don't have to pay or anything I
just want I just want some shit talk
back in the scene that's what I want
some good ol shit talk like the glory
days oh it's just so it would be so hard
to not like cuz you wanted to be organic
you want it to be something raw but it's
gonna be so hard to like not go
overboard I guess for but it's it's not
live so hopefully we can cut it to a
place where the people involved you're
like alright fine yeah I well if they're
drunk they're never let me really cut
this whole thing I'm too embarrassed
fire yeah alright whatever then we all
just got drunk and talked shit anyways
gonna splice it like every half-second
especially bjergsen is the greatest all
right nice episode yeah three more
minutes Peter he'll be your shoutouts I
already shouted out the chainsmokers I
don't think I really have any shoutouts
to be honest shouts Peter we're coming
on the episode Oh being a good friend
Calvi thanks for inviting me man I
really wanted to be on the show for so
long but you're the one who got me on I
appreciate that
mark do you have any shoutouts no I used
my time already alright everyone thanks
for watching I'm gonna possibly giveaway
link and twitch chat if you guys can go
check out that giveaway that'd be super
cool there's a podcast version that's on
iTunes and Google Play
I always forget to say that the
beginning this show thank you so much to
Peter for coming on I actually really do
appreciate it even if he was paying the
ass about it and thanks everyone else
another hotline League all ramped up